README.md, before:

# React Conf 2021 Talk

## UI Tools for Artists

This repo was created to share source code for my (Lyle) December 8th 2021 React Conf lighting talk.

Here are some of the things I referred to in the talk:

- My Netflix Culture Podcast [WeAreNetflix](https://jobs.netflix.com/podcast)
- The wonderful Minion based [Animation Pipeline interactive site](https://www.illuminationMacGuff.com/pipeline) by Illumination MacGuff
- Netflix Shows:
- - [Over the Moon](https://www.netflix.com/title/80214236) - AWN's [article on OTM](https://www.awn.com/animationworld/glen-keanes-over-moon-artfully-illustrates-healing-grief-through-play) by Victoria Davis
- - [Klaus](https://www.netflix.com/title/80183187) - IAMAG's article [The Art of Klaus](https://www.iamag.co/the-art-of-klaus-40-concept-art-collection/)
- The [Hawkins: Diving into the Reasoning Behind our Design System](https://netflixtechblog.com/hawkins-diving-into-the-reasoning-behind-our-design-system-964a7357547) blog post by [Joshua Godi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jgodi/)
- The Art Director of SPA Studios [Szymon Biernacki](https://www.artstation.com/biernac) - the Snow Covered [The Post Office](https://www.artstation.com/artwork/PegLZ)

The [photos I used](https://photos.app.goo.gl/ZpD3N3tThVL7ocodA) to show off different workshops and art studios were taken by me, of either my workshop, and workshops/studios I have visited, mostly while enjoying the [Santa Cruz Open Studios Art Tour](https://santacruzopenstudios.com/) which happens every year in October.

I also found, but did not use, this amazing short film [Isolation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7_foJZk9zA) which shows a lot of different art studios.

## Running this Repo

Download the source, open a terminal to the source folder and ...

```
yarn install
yarn start
```

## How I got Here

With an attempt to document the full creation of this project I am documenting each step. You can see those steps in the [CHANGE_LOG](CHANGE_LOG.md) (and in the commit messages)

Commit message:

Adding link/image to Video of Talk on Youtube

README.md, after:

# React Conf 2021 Talk

## UI Tools for Artists

This repo was created to share source code for my (Lyle) December 8th 2021 React Conf lighting talk.

Here is the video of my talk:
[![Video of UI Tools for Artists React Talk](./public/youtube-talk-image.jpeg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3l4WxipFsE&list=PLNG_1j3cPCaZZ7etkzWA7JfdmKWT0pMsa&t=1s)

Here are some of the things I referred to in the talk:

- My Netflix Culture Podcast [WeAreNetflix](https://jobs.netflix.com/podcast)
- The wonderful Minion based [Animation Pipeline interactive site](https://www.illuminationMacGuff.com/pipeline) by Illumination MacGuff
- Netflix Shows:
- - [Over the Moon](https://www.netflix.com/title/80214236) - AWN's [article on OTM](https://www.awn.com/animationworld/glen-keanes-over-moon-artfully-illustrates-healing-grief-through-play) by Victoria Davis
- - [Klaus](https://www.netflix.com/title/80183187) - IAMAG's article [The Art of Klaus](https://www.iamag.co/the-art-of-klaus-40-concept-art-collection/)
- The [Hawkins: Diving into the Reasoning Behind our Design System](https://netflixtechblog.com/hawkins-diving-into-the-reasoning-behind-our-design-system-964a7357547) blog post by [Joshua Godi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jgodi/)
- The Art Director of SPA Studios [Szymon Biernacki](https://www.artstation.com/biernac) - the Snow Covered [The Post Office](https://www.artstation.com/artwork/PegLZ)

The [photos I used](https://photos.app.goo.gl/ZpD3N3tThVL7ocodA) to show off different workshops and art studios were taken by me, of either my workshop, and workshops/studios I have visited, mostly while enjoying the [Santa Cruz Open Studios Art Tour](https://santacruzopenstudios.com/) which happens every year in October.

I also found, but did not use, this amazing short film [Isolation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7_foJZk9zA) which shows a lot of different art studios.

## Running this Repo

Download the source, open a terminal to the source folder and ...

```
yarn install
yarn start
```

## How I got Here

With an attempt to document the full creation of this project I am documenting each step. You can see those steps in the [CHANGE_LOG](CHANGE_LOG.md) (and in the commit messages)
